from the blood of god/Chars/Chronos.md, before:

```palette
#03000a, #7ac3c8, #03000a
```
```RpgManager4
id: 
  type: "nonplayercharacter"
  campaign: "from the blood of god/from the blood of god.md"
data: 
  nonplayercharactertype: "supporting"
  description: "A reprehensible, now fallen angel, being tortured by Cerberus and being mauled in the Canto of the 34th. Born of snow white skin much like Lucifer, but having maintained his pearly-white locks, his sclera have turned obsidian from his fall, the reason for his fall being his betrayal towards his own Lord and guide, Vyzeny."
  occupation: "Being mauled in the Canto of the 34th."
  arc: 4
  need: "Recognition from Vyzeny."
  want: "Firstly, freedom. Secondly, power. He believes he needs - not wants - to be God, even if it means slaying Vyzeny to obtain this power."
  opposition: "His current predicament in the Canto of the 34th, being constantly mauled by Cerberus and mocked by Lucifer."
  strengths: 1638406
  weaknesses: 2391313
  beliefs: "He often attempts to gain Práxi's sympathy and pity by agreeing on her stance that gods should be erased, yet falls silent when she sharply reminds him he once yearned to be one."
  behaviour: "Not like he can do much now - but back then, he was extremely intolerant of anything that strayed from the realm of science, math, and totally-not-alchemy, to the point of neglecting even those that sought to care for him."
  stake: 7
tasks: 
  - id: "06de1ae8-ab10-4a3d-b1aa-04c9839cf728"
    priority: 1
    name: "Complete Non-Player Character"
    description: "Complete Non-Player Character Chronos"
    type: "creation"
    status: "proposed"
```

Commit message:

Commit from Aries' PC on 12/03/2024, 23:52:19

from the blood of god/Chars/Chronos.md, after:

```palette
#03000a, #7ac3c8, #03000a
```
```RpgManager4
id: 
  type: "nonplayercharacter"
  campaign: "from the blood of god/from the blood of god.md"
data: 
  nonplayercharactertype: "supporting"
  description: "A reprehensible, now fallen angel, being tortured by Cerberus and being mauled in the Canto of the 34th. Born of snow white skin much like Lucifer, but having maintained his pearly-white locks, his sclera have turned obsidian from his fall, the reason for his fall being his betrayal towards his own Lord and guide, Vyzeny."
  occupation: "Being mauled in the Canto of the 34th."
  arc: 4
  need: "Recognition from Vyzeny."
  want: "Firstly, freedom. Secondly, power. He believes he needs - not wants - to be God, even if it means slaying Vyzeny to obtain this power."
  opposition: "His current predicament in the Canto of the 34th, being constantly mauled by Cerberus and mocked by Lucifer."
  strengths: 1638406
  weaknesses: 2391313
  beliefs: "He often attempts to gain Práxi's sympathy and pity by agreeing on her stance that gods should be erased, yet falls silent when she sharply reminds him he once yearned to be one."
  behaviour: "Not like he can do much now - but back then, he was extremely intolerant of anything that strayed from the realm of science, math, and totally-not-alchemy, to the point of neglecting even those that sought to care for him."
  stake: 7
  pronoun: "he"
tasks: []
```

[[from the blood of god/from the blood of god.md|]]
