from the blood of god/Chars/Lucifer.md, before:

```palette
#03000a, #7ac3c8, #03000a
```
```RpgManager4
id: 
  type: "nonplayercharacter"
  campaign: "from the blood of god/from the blood of god.md"
data: 
  nonplayercharactertype: "supporting"
  description: "The King of all that the eye can see below the earth; he whom sired all sin known to man, and the ultimate betrayer of Vyzeny (God). Bearing skin as pale and sickly as that of a frozen-over corpse, and hair as long as time, he bears unnaturally black eyes and sclera in constrast to all his demonic kin."
  occupation: "Lead Hell through his loyal and competent companions, often of descent from his blood."
  arc: 5
  need: "Forgiveness."
  want: "Eradicate Heaven."
  opposition: "His predicament, and often the fact Heaven *can't* be eradicated."
  strengths: 4784202
  weaknesses: 2113792
  beliefs: "Heaven must be eradicated, no matter the cost."
  behaviour: "Laid-back to a fault, nonchalant. Jaded from millenia after millenia of suffering; numb."
  stake: 10
tasks: []
relationships: 
  - type: "bidirectional"
    path: "from the blood of god/Chars/Cerberus.md"
    description: "Guardian"
  - type: "bidirectional"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/9.34. Judecca.md"
    description: "Residence"
```

[[from the blood of god/Chars/Cerberus.md|]]
[[from the blood of god/from the blood of god.md|]]

[[from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/9.34. Judecca.md|]]

Commit message:

Commit from Aries' PC on 13/03/2024, 01:19:08

from the blood of god/Chars/Lucifer.md, after:

```palette
#03000a, #7ac3c8, #03000a
```
```RpgManager4
id: 
  type: "nonplayercharacter"
  campaign: "from the blood of god/from the blood of god.md"
data: 
  nonplayercharactertype: "supporting"
  description: "The King of all that the eye can see below the earth; he whom sired all sin known to man, and the ultimate betrayer of Vyzeny (God). Bearing skin as pale and sickly as that of a frozen-over corpse, and hair as long as time, he bears unnaturally black eyes and sclera in constrast to all his demonic kin."
  occupation: "Lead Hell through his loyal and competent companions, often of descent from his blood."
  arc: 5
  need: "Forgiveness."
  want: "Eradicate Heaven."
  opposition: "His predicament, and often the fact Heaven *can't* be eradicated."
  strengths: 4784202
  weaknesses: 2113792
  beliefs: "Heaven must be eradicated, no matter the cost."
  behaviour: "Laid-back to a fault, nonchalant. Jaded from millenia after millenia of suffering; numb."
  stake: 10
tasks: []
relationships: 
  - type: "bidirectional"
    path: "from the blood of god/Chars/Cerberus.md"
    description: "Guardian"
  - type: "bidirectional"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/9.34. Judecca.md"
    description: "Residence"
  - type: "bidirectional"
    path: "from the blood of god/Chars/Chronos.md"
    description: "Plaything! <3"
```

[[from the blood of god/Chars/Cerberus.md|]]
[[from the blood of god/from the blood of god.md|]]

[[from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/9.34. Judecca.md|]]
