from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/9. Circle of Treachery.md, before:


```RpgManager4
id: 
  type: "location"
  campaign: "from the blood of god/from the blood of god.md"
tasks: []
data: 
  location: "-31,0"
  description: "The deepest, coldest layer of Hell, as close to the earth's core as one can get yet ever so freezing. House to the Royals and descendants of Lucifer, and at its frozen heart for a core, he is there frozen from the waist down, guarded by Cerberus.\n\nIt it worth noting these tortured souls demand special attention as each torture is singular, individual, and abbhoringly personal to the reason they're there; thus the need for a specialized elite to ensure they remain in line.\n\nIt possesses the **Cantos of the 32nd, 33rd, and 34th,** and separates from the Fraudulent (8th) layer by grace of **The Frozen River of Lamentation, Cocytus,** alongside the guard and protection of the **Tower of Illusion, Anteus, Canto of the 31st.**"
  _sins: "- **Caïna,** *Canto 32:* Traitors to Kin (*family; close ones; loved ones*)\n- **Antenora,** *Canto 32, 33:* Traitors to Homeland (*country; land; faction*)\n- **Ptolomea,** *Canto 33:* Traitors to Guests (*invited; strangers; friends*)\n- **Judecca,** *Cantro 34:* Traitors to Benefactors (*lords; masters; leaders*)"
relationships: 
  - type: "parent"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/0. Hell.md"
    description: "Deepest circle thereof"
  - type: "child"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/9.34. Judecca.md"
    description: "34th Canto"
  - type: "child"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/IX - TREACHERY/9.33. Ptolomea.md"
    description: "33rd Canto"
  - type: "child"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/IX - TREACHERY/9.33-32. Antenora.md"
    description: "33rd & 32nd Cantos"
  - type: "child"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/IX - TREACHERY/9.32. Caïna.md"
    description: "32nd Canto"
  - type: "child"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/IX - TREACHEROUS/9.33. Ptolomea.md"
    description: "33rd Canto"
  - type: "child"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/IX - TREACHEROUS/9.33-32. Antenora.md"
    description: "32nd & 33rd Cantos"
  - type: "child"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/IX - TREACHEROUS/9.32. Caïna.md"
    description: "32nd Canto"
  - type: "child"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/9.33. Ptolomea.md"
    description: "33nd Canto"
  - type: "child"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/9.33-32. Antenora.md"
    description: "32nd and 33rd Cantos"
  - type: "child"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/9.32. Caïna.md"
    description: "32nd Canto"
```

[[from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/0. Hell.md|]]
[[from the blood of god/from the blood of god.md|]]

[[from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/9.34. Judecca.md|]]
[[from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/9.33. Ptolomea.md|]]
[[from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/9.33-32. Antenora.md|]]
[[from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/9.32. Caïna.md|]]

Commit message:

Commit from Aries' PC on 12/03/2024, 23:39:57

from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/9. Circle of Treachery.md, after:


```RpgManager4
id: 
  type: "location"
  campaign: "from the blood of god/from the blood of god.md"
tasks: []
data: 
  location: "-31,0"
  description: "The deepest, coldest layer of Hell, as close to the earth's core as one can get yet ever so freezing. House to the Royals and descendants of Lucifer, and at its frozen heart for a core, he is there frozen from the waist down, guarded by Cerberus.\n\nIt it worth noting these tortured souls demand special attention as each torture is singular, individual, and abbhoringly personal to the reason they're there; thus the need for a specialized elite to ensure they remain in line.\n\nIt possesses the **Cantos of the 32nd, 33rd, and 34th,** and separates from the Fraudulent (8th) layer by grace of **The Frozen River of Lamentation, Cocytus,** alongside the guard and protection of the **Tower of Illusion, Anteus, Canto of the 31st.**"
  _sins: "- **Caïna,** *Canto 32:* Traitors to Kin (*family; close ones; loved ones*)\n- **Antenora,** *Canto 32, 33:* Traitors to Homeland (*country; land; faction*)\n- **Ptolomea,** *Canto 33:* Traitors to Guests (*invited; strangers; friends*)\n- **Judecca,** *Cantro 34:* Traitors to Benefactors (*lords; masters; leaders*)"
relationships: 
  - type: "parent"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/0. Hell.md"
    description: "Deepest circle thereof"
  - type: "child"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/9.34. Judecca.md"
    description: "34th Canto"
  - type: "child"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/IX - TREACHERY/9.33. Ptolomea.md"
    description: "33rd Canto"
  - type: "child"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/IX - TREACHERY/9.33-32. Antenora.md"
    description: "33rd & 32nd Cantos"
  - type: "child"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/IX - TREACHERY/9.32. Caïna.md"
    description: "32nd Canto"
  - type: "child"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/IX - TREACHEROUS/9.33. Ptolomea.md"
    description: "33rd Canto"
  - type: "child"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/IX - TREACHEROUS/9.33-32. Antenora.md"
    description: "32nd & 33rd Cantos"
  - type: "child"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/IX - TREACHEROUS/9.32. Caïna.md"
    description: "32nd Canto"
  - type: "child"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/9.33. Ptolomea.md"
    description: "33nd Canto"
  - type: "child"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/9.33-32. Antenora.md"
    description: "32nd and 33rd Cantos"
  - type: "child"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/9.32. Caïna.md"
    description: "32nd Canto"
  - type: "parent"
    path: "from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/8.31. Custo.md"
    description: "The tower of Anteus permits ascension utno the 8th Layer"
```

[[from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/0. Hell.md|]]
[[from the blood of god/from the blood of god.md|]]

[[from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/9.34. Judecca.md|]]
[[from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/9.33. Ptolomea.md|]]
[[from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/9.33-32. Antenora.md|]]
[[from the blood of god/Locations/Hell/9.32. Caïna.md|]]
