from the blood of god/Chars/Titans/Kratos.md, before:


```RpgManager4
id: 
  type: "nonplayercharacter"
  campaign: "from the blood of god/from the blood of god.md"
data: 
  nonplayercharactertype: "supporting"
  description: "A Titaness towering over 8ft, with hair twice as long, luscious and pearlescent as that of the angels— with piercing carmine eyes and a fancy for silks stained the colour of blood."
  occupation: "The Titaness of War"
  arc: 1
  ghost: "Rather than one event, this has been a common event throughout her existence — for no mortal has willingly given up their souls, not when her oaths fate you to deaths far worse than legends describe."
  lie: "Love and war cannon coexist — one must always destroy the other. It is an inevitable cruelty."
  need: "Loyalty from someone — unconditional, unbreaking loyalty."
  beliefs: "Mortals will always be at odds — it is inherently morally neutral to not take sides, and within her best interests to simply take advantage of them."
  strengths: 1967023
  weaknesses: 2249744
  want: "Nothing, which is a problem... for now. Life has long ago grown into a bore."
  opposition: "Fate has something up Her sleeve that'll turn this boredom upside down..."
  behaviour: "Rather cold and sometimes even cruel, but nevertheless she has a regal, sophisticated poise."
  stake: 9
tasks: []
```

[[from the blood of god/from the blood of god.md|]]

Commit message:

Commit from Aries' PC on 15/03/2024, 01:33:44

from the blood of god/Chars/Titans/Kratos.md, after:


```palette
#000, #000022, #351434, #be1306, #d64d16, #f06e6e, #ffe2e6
```
![Kratos|700](Kratos.png)
<p class="dialogues">Quote from Vatis goes here</p>

```palette
#ffe2e6, #f06e6e, #d64d16, #be1306, #351434, #000022, #000
```
```RpgManager4
id: 
  type: "nonplayercharacter"
  campaign: "from the blood of god/from the blood of god.md"
data: 
  nonplayercharactertype: "supporting"
  description: "A Titaness towering over 8ft, with hair twice as long, luscious and pearlescent as that of the angels— with piercing carmine eyes and a fancy for silks stained the colour of blood."
  occupation: "The Titaness of War"
  arc: 1
  ghost: "Rather than one event, this has been a common event throughout her existence — for no mortal has willingly given up their souls, not when her oaths fate you to deaths far worse than legends describe."
  lie: "Love and war cannon coexist — one must always destroy the other. It is an inevitable cruelty."
  need: "Loyalty from someone — unconditional, unbreaking loyalty."
  beliefs: "Mortals will always be at odds — it is inherently morally neutral to not take sides, and within her best interests to simply take advantage of them."
  strengths: 1967023
  weaknesses: 2249744
  want: "Nothing, which is a problem... for now. Life has long ago grown into a bore."
  opposition: "Fate has something up Her sleeve that'll turn this boredom upside down..."
  behaviour: "Rather cold and sometimes even cruel, but nevertheless she has a regal, sophisticated poise."
  stake: 9
tasks: []
```

[[from the blood of god/from the blood of god.md|]]
